Getting Started:

1. Find the scene "TemplateLevel" in the "levels" folder.
2. Right click on it and hit "duplicate"
3. Name it according to the naming conventions below (you can rename it later too)
4. Drag your level into the folder levels->RoomArray.


5. The room needs to be added to the script RoomGenerator.gd (by clicking and dragging it into the "levels" array)
	in order to appear in the actual game.
	This isn't necessary to design the level. Just keep in mind that if you change the name of the level
	or it's location after you've added it to the RoomGenerator, go back into the script and change it to
	match the updated name/location. 

Format:

Organize game objects under generic "Node" nodes. They are named and organaized as follows*:

Hazards: 
	-Spike Traps
	-Spikes
	-Gargoyles
	-Torchy
	-Dark Torchy
	-Thwomps

Structure:
	-Tileset (DungeonPlatforms)
	-Conveyors
	-Trap Doors

Decoration: 
	-Torches

*NOTE: There will be more of all types of assets to come later. Feel free to come back and add new assets to old levels as they are made.


Special Instructions:

The following objects have special conditions to be implemented properly.

Tilest: (Shouldn't be necessary to add as template comes with a tile map but useful if it gets deleted)
	Add a new node "TileMap" and under "Tile Set" load "Tileset_Dungeon". Now clicking the
	node will open the tileset editor. Choose the desired platform and click to place.
	Right click on top left corner to erase.

Gargoyle (only if flipping to face left): Right click on the new gargoyle node and tick the 
	"editable children" box. You can now navigate to this instance's animated sprite and
	tick the "Flip H" box.

Sawblade: Under "curve" in the inspector, click "make unique." You can now adjust the follow
	path for the sawblade.


Design Guidlines:

1. Flow of play is left to right. The player object must start standing next to the entrance door on the left wall.
	They will end the level by entering the exit door on the right. 
2. The Death Wall will be always moving so make sure the level is possible without getting swallowed by the wall. (see 3) 
3. You can add a deathWall to playtest but make sure to delete it from your scene in the final version of the level
4. The Speed of the death wall and all attributes of the player (speed, jump height, stun/invincibility time) must be consistent
	accross all levels. Do not tweak these to suit a particular level. Make the level work around them.


Saving and File Format

1. Name your level l_ + (number of your level in 3 digits) + (short title for your level in parentheses). 
	Ex. l_021(SpikeRun), l_131(SawbladeMadness), l_014(GargoyleFunhouse)






















